README.md, before:

# LegionBoard Eye

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/legionboard/eye/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/legionboard/eye)

This is the eye of [LegionBoard](https://legionboard.dorfbrunnen.eu):
it is the preferred client of its
[REST API](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/heart)
and based on HTML and JavaScript,
so that it can be run on local machines without any server software.
You can for example upload it to GitLab pages to have your own client,
independent from your institution's main client.
Therefore,
just fork the project,
[configure it](src/config/configuration-template.js) for your school's API
and push the stuff back to GitLab.
Voilà: now you can reach your own Eye instance on [username].gitlab.io/eye.
All you need to do is to download the source code,
add your API to the [configuration](src/config/configuration-template.js)
and open the site in a browser.
You can find an installation guide [here](install/english.md).
Have fun and enjoy!

This version of Eye requires version `0.2.0` or newer of
[Heart](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/heart). 


## Dependencies

* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Bootstrap Datepicker](https://eonasdan.github.io/bootstrap-datetimepicker/)
* [Bootstrap Dropdown Enhancement](https://behigh.github.io/bootstrap_dropdowns_enhancement/)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
* [jsSHA](https://caligatio.github.io/jsSHA/)
* [SweetAlert](https://t4t5.github.io/sweetalert/)

## License

The idea for a changes management system like LegionBoard was first
implemented by Tom Kurjak in a pioneer project called 'Ausfallplan'.
It was taken up by [Nico Alt](mailto:nicoalt@posteo.org) by developing a
completely new project that's up to the current technical standards.

This project is licensed under the GPLv3 license.
For more information, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

## Repositories

Official repository:
[GitLab](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/eye)

Official mirrors (Pull Request are welcome):
* [GitHub](https://github.com/legionboard/eye)

Commit message:

Add deprecation notices
As of March 2019, LegionBoard is officially declared end of life.
There won't be any further development and
schools should not consider start using it.

https://gitlab.com/legionboard/heart/commit/3da8f81e022aeba402c8f20f366eeeede655d626

README.md, after:

# LegionBoard Eye

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/legionboard/eye/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/legionboard/eye)

**Deprecation notice: As of March 2019,
LegionBoard is officially declared end of life.
There won't be any further development and
schools should not consider start using it.**

This is the eye of [LegionBoard](https://legionboard.dorfbrunnen.eu):
it is the preferred client of its
[REST API](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/heart)
and based on HTML and JavaScript,
so that it can be run on local machines without any server software.
You can for example upload it to GitLab pages to have your own client,
independent from your institution's main client.
Therefore,
just fork the project,
[configure it](src/config/configuration-template.js) for your school's API
and push the stuff back to GitLab.
Voilà: now you can reach your own Eye instance on [username].gitlab.io/eye.
All you need to do is to download the source code,
add your API to the [configuration](src/config/configuration-template.js)
and open the site in a browser.
You can find an installation guide [here](install/english.md).
Have fun and enjoy!

This version of Eye requires version `0.2.0` or newer of
[Heart](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/heart). 


## Dependencies

* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Bootstrap Datepicker](https://eonasdan.github.io/bootstrap-datetimepicker/)
* [Bootstrap Dropdown Enhancement](https://behigh.github.io/bootstrap_dropdowns_enhancement/)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
* [jsSHA](https://caligatio.github.io/jsSHA/)
* [SweetAlert](https://t4t5.github.io/sweetalert/)

## License

The idea for a changes management system like LegionBoard was first
implemented by Tom Kurjak in a pioneer project called 'Ausfallplan'.
It was taken up by [Nico Alt](mailto:nicoalt@posteo.org) by developing a
completely new project that's up to the current technical standards.

This project is licensed under the GPLv3 license.
For more information, see [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

## Repositories

Official repository:
[GitLab](https://gitlab.com/legionboard/eye)

Official mirrors (Pull Request are welcome):
* [GitHub](https://github.com/legionboard/eye)
